Update the instructions for production deployment (#3657)
web-platform-tests/wpt.fyi: docs/app-engine.md

### To production

You need to be a `wptdashboard` GCP project member with
at least Editor privileges. Then from the project root directory:

```sh
git checkout main
git pull
util/deploy-production.sh
```

Then follow the script’s instructions. You can see all available command line options by passing `-h`.

> If there are changes to deploy but the checks have failed, it will provide the proper links to investigate the failures. If the failures should not block deployment (e.g. known intermittents) it will suggest that you rerun the script with the `-f` flag to force deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are changes to deploy but the checks have failed, it will provide the proper links to investigate the failures. If the failures should not block deployment (e.g. intermittent failures), it will suggest that you rerun the script with the `-f` flag to force deployment.
```
